docs: tutorial for WebSockets with AsyncAPI (#2245)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/tutorials/slackbot-websocket-tutorial.md

## Define AsyncAPI version, API information, and server

You start your AsyncAPI document by specifying the AsyncAPI version and essential information about your Slack application's API which includes details such as the `title`, `version` and `description`.

The `servers` section allows you to define the protocol and specify information about the URLs your application will use, such as  `host`, `pathname`, `protocol` and `description`.

<Remember>
The WebSocket URL is generated  by invoking the <a href="https://api.slack.com/methods/apps.connections.open">apps.connections.open</a> method from Slack’s API. You use the authentication tokens obtained during the configuration of your Slackbot to generate this URL.
</Remember>

```
asyncapi: '3.0.0'
info:
  title: Create an AsyncAPI Document for a Slackbot with WebSockets
  version: '1.0.0'
  description:  |
    The Heart-Counter manages popular messages in a Slack workspace by monitoring message reaction data
    
servers:
  production:
    host: wss://wss-primary.slack.com

>     pathname: /link/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pathname: /link
```

---
title: Create an AsyncAPI Document for a Slackbot with WebSockets
description: In this tutorial, you'll learn how to create an AsyncAPI document designed for a Slack application that operates in Socket Mode using the WebSockets protocol.
weight: 140
---

## Introduction

> In this tutorial, you will learn how to generate an AsyncAPI document designed for a Slack application that operates in Socket Mode. The aim is to help you grasp a real-world application of AsyncAPI with the WebSocket protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn how to write an AsyncAPI document designed for a Slack application that operates in Socket Mode. The aim is to help you grasp a real-world application of AsyncAPI with the WebSocket protocol. You will learn how to write AsyncAPI document for a consumer-only application receiving a stream of messages from a Websocket server. You will also learn why AsyncAPI bindings feature exist and how to use it.
```

I think it is good to explain also what someone will learn, in raw (no matter if slack or some other service is used as example)

> You will also learn why AsyncAPI bindings feature exist and how to use it.

have to be text without link but in future we can link to whatever comes out from https://github.com/asyncapi/website/pull/2042

              type: integer
            approximate_connection_time:
              type: integer
              
    reaction:
      type: object
      properties:
        user:
          type: string
          description: User ID who performed this event
        reaction:
          type: string
          description: The only reaction that we need is a heart emoji
          const: "heart"
        item_user:
          type: string
          description: User ID that created the original item that has been reacted to
        item:
          type: object
          properties:
            channel:
              type: string
              description: Channel information of original message
            ts:
              type: string
              description: Timestamp information of original message
        event_ts:
          type: string
          description: Reaction timestamp
```

## Define channels and  bindings

The `channels` attribute defines a communication channel for the event. The `address` specifies where the channel is tuned in to receive messages while the `messages` property defines a key-value pair where each key corresponds to the event it's set up to handle.

> The WebSocket URL generated for `Heart-Counter` includes authentication tokens, and this protocol-specific data is represented using the `bindings` attribute. By utilizing the `query` object, you can outline the parameters needed for the connection and the conditions they must meet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WebSocket URL generated for `Heart-Counter` includes authentication tokens. This information is represented using query parameters. Query parameters are specific to HTTP protocol and also partially to WebSocket that uses HTTP to establish connection between client and server. Since this is a protocol-specific information you need to use AsyncAPI feature called `bindings` that enables you to provide protocol-specific information inside AsyncAPI document using the `bindings` attribute. By utilizing the `query` object from the WebSocket binding, you can outline the parameters needed for the connection and the conditions they must meet. 
```

I think we need to be so precize, especially that in review we had convo with @KhudaDad414 on why is it even represented this way
